Ease user discovery of pw-hash & eula-auto-accept (#195)
xcp-ng/xcp-ng-org: docs/install.md

    </installation>
```

:::tip

> Supplying a password of type="hash" will suppress the EULA prompt on first boot.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If no password is supplied in the answerfile, users will be asked to accept the EULA and then set the password at first boot.
```
